Remove shimmer mention from tutorial (#6776)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/tutorials/cross-chain-nft-marketplace-part-1.md

First, create a `scripts` folder in the root of the project and add the following files under it:

### deploy_marketplace_iota.js

> The `deploy_marketplace_iota.js` script will deploy the NFTMarketplace contract to the IotaEVM Testnet and save the contract address to a file called `NFTMarketplace.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deploy_marketplace_iota.js` script will deploy the NFTMarketplace contract to the IOTA EVM Testnet and save the contract address to a file called `NFTMarketplace.txt`.
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/deploy_marketplace_iota.js
```

> This will deploy the NFTMarketplace contract to the IotaEVM Testnet and save the contract address to a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will deploy the NFTMarketplace contract to the IOTA EVM Testnet and save the contract address to a file.
```

run it by executing:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_marketplace_iota.js --network iotaevm-testnet
```

### deploy_er721_iota.js

> This script will deploy the `MyERC721` contract to the IotaEVM Testnet and save the contract's address to a file called `MyERC721.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will deploy the `MyERC721` contract to the IOTA EVM Testnet and save the contract's address to a file called `MyERC721.txt`.
```

You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/buy_item.js --network iotaevm-testnet
```

## Conclusion

> In this first part of the cross-chain NFT marketplace tutorial, we have set up the project and deployed the NFTMarketplace contract to the IotaEVM Testnet. We have also deployed the MyERC721 contract, minted an NFT and then listed it on the marketplace. In the next part, we will manually bridge NFTs from BNB Testnet and Iota Testnet to the IotaEVM Testnet and list them on the same marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this first part of the cross-chain NFT marketplace tutorial, we have set up the project and deployed the NFTMarketplace contract to the IOTA EVM Testnet. We have also deployed the MyERC721 contract, minted an NFT and then listed it on the marketplace. In the next part, we will manually bridge NFTs from BNB Testnet and IOTA Testnet to the IOTA EVM Testnet and list them on the same marketplace.
```
